Why does it always feel like you've forgotten something?
No, I'm divorced from the Army
What's the matter, it doesn't matter now
It was his life.
It has been passed on to you.
Otherwise, Jiangnan and I would have divorced long ago
Whether he dies or not has nothing to do with me
I don't want you to save him.
Trying to get a hammer is our memory management situation
Once damaged
memory loss
Then forget all the injuries
Jiangnan, your memory has begun to decline
You have to remember that you and Lu Jinshi have divorced
And don't let him know you're pregnant
You have to figure out a way to escape
Now this will never love you
Stop fantasizing
What was I going to do?
Yes, I remember now.
I'm going to find a way to get out of here
Why am I on the street?
too
Miss Xiang, where are you going?
I don't seem to remember
How can you not remember
I should be going back to Jiangting
Assistant Liu, can you let me go?
But
All right. Let me take you home.
Jiangnan
You divorced Chi, what are you doing here?